Ported the original mod from 1.7.2 to 1.7.10.

Reorganised file structure of code classes.

Renamed various identifiers to improve their meaningfulness.

Fixed format of sounds.json.

Added Thaumcraft aspects to all content.

All orb-like projectile entities now use the same render class to improve efficiency.

All goblin entities that use the standard goblin model now use the same render class to improve efficiency.

Added Goblins achievements page.

Renamed mod, changed mcmod.info, and added credits accordingly.

Fixed format of code for configuration generation.

Fixed format of proxy registration.

Enchanted TNT and Overcharged TNT now reuse code from vanilla TNT to improve efficiency.

Fixed texture bug of primed enchanted TNT and primed overcharged TNT.

Readded Goblin Ninja, Shuriken, and Katana.

All goblins now swing their arm like players in melee attacks.

Goblin Ninjas now attack with either Shuriken or Katana depending on their distance to the player/enemy.

Increased attack damage of Flame Blade to 6.

Goblin Shaman now hold the Arcane Staff and Teleportation Staff for their attacks/abilities.

Fixed display of all staves.

Teleportation Staff now makes the normal teleportation sound.

Goblin Ninja no longer try to fight other Goblin Ninja's if hit by their shuriken.

Goblin Shaman now has a chance to drop a few totem powders on death.

Fixed format of drop items code for all entities.

Players now swing their arm when using staves.

Fixed durability of the Scepter of Life.

Renamed totems to their original intended names.

Changed the name of the yellow totem, from "Holy Totem" to "Sky Totem".

Changed the name of the green totem, from "Nature Totem" to "Earth Totem".

Renamed village spawner to Goblin Village Spawner.

Readjusted texture of Katana so that the blade is on the correct side.

Fixed staves being stackable.

Teleportation staff now teleports the player to the block they look at in a small range. If used while the player is inside a block, this staff can now also has a chance of teleporting
the player to a safe location nearby.

Added spawn eggs to Goblins creative tab.

Simplified some of the code for item, block, and entity registration.

Renamed various textures to adjust to changes in the registration code.

Totem blocks now share one class for registration for simplicity.

Readded shuriken crafting recipe.

Fixed minor errors in achievements page.

Fixed Bomb Entity explosion render bug.

Orb items are now usable through a dispenser.

Fixed Bomb Entity projectile render bug.

Returned Bomb Entity explosion size and damage to original values.

Goblins now attack Villager Guards from Witchery.

Goblins Soldiers, Goblin Ninja, and Goblin Lords now attack also Villagers, and Witchery Villager Guards.

All projectile entities now extend EntityThrowable to reduce repeating code.

Removed GArcaneBall entity and merged it's uses to Arcaneball entity

The Goblin Ninja ambush event now also takes the player's armour in to consideration when deciding the amount to Goblin Ninjas to spawn.

Added kill achievements to all remaining mobs.

Added Goblin Miner spawn to underground of plains and swampland.

Removed the duplicate Goblin Miner entity.

Goblin Lord and Goblin Shaman now ignore attacks from other Goblins. They are now also resistant to explosions that deal up to 50 HP of damage.

Reworded various achievements

Changed attack damage of player created Arcane Ball to 6 (same as Goblin Shaman).

The Scepter of Life now heals users when used. Also updated Thaumcraft Aspects for this item.

Teleportation Staff and Goblin Shaman now make particle when they teleport.

All goblin types no longer fight each other.

Reworded some achievements.

Cleaned up code by adding missing @Override annotations and removing unnecessary casts.

Readded Goblin Drum. Also added achievement and Thaumcraft aspects for the block.

Added sound effect for Scepter of Life.

Fixed Goblin Ranger not spawning from spawners.

Fixed Goblin Spawner death config not working.

Fixed Goblin Miners not spawning from Goblin Miner Spawners.

Decreased the spawn rate of Goblin Bombers from Goblin Spawners because they are more likely to help the player by accidentally killing goblin groups.

Fixed Goblin Rider head shaking when riding Direwolf.

Fixed Goblin Solider moving very slow when the player is far away.

Renamed Goblin Arsonist back to Goblin Bomber.

Fixed Thaumcraft aspects for Goblin Ranger and Goblin Ranger Guard.

Change mod page URL.

Fixed incorrect texture file names.

Added Chinese (Simplified) language file  - thanks to Omgise for the translation.

Fixed entity ID conflict crash. Goblins Legacy will now try to find a unique starting mod entity ID by default. Also added config option to set custom starting mod entity ID.
